Your Highness
What are you really writing about? The Old Lion Daily Monthly?
Are you completely confused about your new job?
That useless prince gave an order
Oh, dear.
Are you kidding me?
I don't even write memorials
The paperwork of the Inspectorate was piled up with three people
Let me set it on fire
Let me write a tattered daily monthly report
Smile or write carefully
Don't forget the brush of diligent repair
Look at these things recently
This kid is very hot
Totally unexpected
What is that
My father, Qin Zhan, is the god of war in Zhenguo
Prince of the Great Xia Dynasty
Be today's cousin
Your Majesty doesn't care about me
What the hell is he?
Don't call me with chicken feathers as arrows
That's true.
The prince is under one person in Great Xia
The army has great prestige
Oops, that trash prince
He only dares to bully and bully me and other cultural ministers
Don't dare to recruit people to dislike you?
Yan Xiang, want me to say it?
Stop writing
You people are just too cowardly
He just said
He dare not do anything to you
I'll tell my dad later.
Think stupid and soft
Hahahahaha
The prophet said very well
Hahahaha
Oh, then I will find someone to represent me.
Just write at will
There is the face of Prince Qin Zhang
Then Qin Xiu didn't dare to make trouble
My father will cross the border in a few days
Return to Heaven with the British Prince
Okay, this is a good day for diligent repair
It's been a few days, hahaha, someone is coming.
Take down these two daily and monthly reports
Find a Mr. Agent
Prepare another feast
I'm going to drink with my office